Clear save-checkbox state when OC hides it for a non-reusable sub-method (#5461)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

xxxx-xx-xx - version 10.8.0

> * Dev - Clear the save-payment-method checkbox state when Optimized Checkout hides it for a non-reusable sub-method, so the request body matches the UI

Reviewer: Nit: I think this should qualify as a `Fix`, and it may be worth rephrasing this slightly.
```suggestion
* Fix - Ensure the save-payment-method checkbox is unchecked when a non-reusable payment method is selected in Optimized Checkout
```
